Add NEP Organization to NCR Silver Auth (#392)
cyclr/docs: pages/connector-authentication/NCRSilver-Authentication.md

### Get authentication details

You need a **Shared Key** and **Secret Key** in order to access the connector. You will also need a **NEP Organization** value.

To get these from your account, go to the [NCR website](https://developer.ncr.com/):
1.  Log in to your account.
2.  Select your email at the top right corner of the window and select dashboard.
3.  Select your application.

> 4.  **NEP Organization** is located under Service User Name. It is the value after "acct:" and before the "@" symbol.

Reviewer: 4.  **NEP Organization** is located under Service User Name. It is the value after "acct:" and before the "@" symbol.  

If the Service User Name is acct:**test-drive-399bcc60-9426-4e46-bf9c-76f3e6e5883e**@44423c74-6324-446b-97d2-e88538c3c926 for example, the **NEP Organization** you need is **test-drive-399bcc60-9426-4e46-bf9c-76f3e6e5883e**.

Reviewer: Something like that?  Maybe formatted a bit better (the review editor is a bit naff).

Feel like there should be an example anyway.

### Get authentication details

> You need a **Shared Key** and **Secret Key** in order to access the connector. You will also need a **NEP Organization** value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need a **Shared Key** and **Secret Key** in order to access the connector. You also need a **NEP Organization** value.

```

To get these from your account, go to the [NCR website](https://developer.ncr.com/):
1.  Log in to your account.
2.  Select your email at the top right corner of the window and select dashboard.
3.  Select your application.

> 4.  **NEP Organization** is located under Service User Name. It is the value after "acct:" and before the "@" symbol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.  Make note of the **NEP Organization** value under **Service User Name**. This is the value after `acct:` and before the `@` symbol.

```

>     Example: If the Service User Name is acct:test-drive-486bcc60-9426-4e46-bf9c-90l3e6e5883e@44423c74-6324-446b-97d2-e88538c3c926, the **NEP Organization** you need is test-drive-486bcc60-9426-4e46-bf9c-90l3e6e5883e.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *  For example, if the **Service User Name** is `acct:test-drive-486bcc60-9426-4e46-bf9c-90l3e6e5883e@44423c74-6324-446b-97d2-e88538c3c926`, the **NEP Organization** you need is `test-drive-486bcc60-9426-4e46-bf9c-90l3e6e5883e`.

```
